Rules of the Road
1. Channel Moderators (Ops) have the obligation to interpret and enforce all channel guidelines. Violations of these guidelines can result in a warning, devoice, kick, or ban. Everyone is entitled to an explanation based on the principals listed above. Moderators are required to give an explanation for an action to the person acted on. This does not mean extended debate. It does not mean that any person can request this, only the person acted on. Any other explanation is on a voluntary basis. If the explanation is unsatisfactory follow guideline two.
2. If you disagree with a Moderators decision, please remember they are doing their best. If you wish to appeal a decision you should respect the ops decision pending an appeal to a SOP, the channel manager or the founder. If you disagree with a ruling a Moderator has made, please, first take it to that Moderator in private message or #Christianops. Do not bring it up in channel unless a Moderator requests it or feels it is the best format. Raising such a contention in the channel itself is prohibited. You can send a memo to an SOP, Channel Manager or the Founder if you don't get a satisfactory response from the Moderator.
3. Placing a Moderator on ignore is prohibited, including the bots. Abusing the bots is also prohibited, such as flooding the channel with its use.
4. You may get permission to ignore an op from a SOP or Channel Manager.
5. Abusive, insulting, or vulgar remarks or nicknames are prohibited. This includes swearing, racism, lewdness, sexist remarks, personal insults and so forth. Be respectful to others in the channel, treating others as you would want to be treated.
6. Trolling is prohibited, as well as baiting, goading, ranting or other such gratuitous disruptions. This is a debate channel, not your personal soapbox. Beliefs, opinions, and ideas are encouraged, but you are expected to engage such things as a matter of dialogue, not monologue.
7. Disputes are to be handled in #Christianops or in PM, whichever the channel user wants
8. #ChristianOps is NOT a place to bash on a Moderator for hours on end.
9. Please leave all business about or from other channels outside of this one. What goes on in other channels is irrelevant to activities within this one.
10. We have some trusted people with the ability to reject channel floods. They have full authority to act in these situations.
This is an English-speaking channel, so please speak English. Greetings and occasional foreign phrases are ok on a limited basis
A lie is an intentional comment designed to deceive. It is not a lie, even if wrong, if the intent was not to deceive. A mistaken comment is not a lie unless the speaker knows it was incorrect.
The Channel Manager and Founder may make temporary exceptions to these guidelines as necessary to carry out the spirit of these guidelines and promote fairness for all.
For the purposes of this room, we understand God to be a Trinity of three co-eternal persons, Father, Son and Holy Spirit.